<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<rss xmlns:atom="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom" version="2.0" xmlns:media="http://search.yahoo.com/mrss/"><channel><title>pyvideo.org: Videos of Jonathan J. Helmus</title><link>http://www.pyvideo.org/speaker/629/jonathan-j-helmus/rss</link><description></description><atom:link href="http://www.pyvideo.org/speaker/629/jonathan-j-helmus/rss" rel="self"></atom:link><language>en-us</language><lastBuildDate>Thu, 19 Jul 2012 00:00:00 -0500</lastBuildDate><ttl>500</ttl><item><title>nmrglue: a Python Module for Working with NMR Data.</title><link>http://www.pyvideo.org/video/1236/nmrglue-a-python-module-for-working-with-nmr-dat</link><description>&lt;p&gt;Description&lt;/p&gt;
Nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) spectroscopy is a key analytical technique in
the biomedical field, finding uses in drug discovery, metabolomics, and
imaging as well as being the primary method for the determination of the
structures of biological macromolecules in solution. In the course of a modern
NMR structural or dynamic study of proteins and other biomolecules,
experiments typically generate multiple gigabytes of 2D, 3D and even 4D data
sets which must be collected, processed, analyzed, and visualized to extract
useful information. The field has developed a number of software products to
perform these functions, but few software suites exist that can perform all of
the tasks which a typical scientist requires. For example, it is not uncommon
for NMR data to be collected using software provided by the spectrometer
vendor, processed and visualized using software from the NIH, and analyzed
using software from a University, collaborator or developed in house.
Complicating this process is the lack of a standard format for storing NMR
data; each software program typically uses its own format for data storage.

nmrglue is an open source Python module for working with NMR data which acts
as the "glue" to tie together existing NMR programs, and can be used to
rapidly develop new NMR processing, analysis or visualization methods. With
nmrglue, spectral data from a number of common NMR file formats can be
accessed as numpy arrays. This data can be sliced, rearranged or modified as
needed and written out to any of the supported file formats for later use in
existing NMR software programs. In this way, nmrglue can act as the "glue" to
tie together NMR workflows which employ existing NMR software.

In addition, nmrglue can be used in conjunction with other scientific python
libraries to rapidly test, prototype, and develop new methods for processing,
analyzing, and visualizing NMR data. The nmrglue package provides a number of
common NMR processing functions, as well as implementation of scientific
routines which may be of interest to other Python projects including peak
pickers, multidimensional lineshape fitting routines, linear prediction
functions, and a bounded least squares optimization. These functions together,
with the ability to read, write and convert between a number of common file
formats, allow developers to harness nmrglue for established routines while
focusing on the novel portion of the new method being created. In addition,
the numerical routines in numpy and scipy can be used to further speed this
process. If these packages are used with the Ipython shell and matplotlib, a
robust, interpreted environment for exploring and visualizing NMR data can be
created using only open source software.

nmrglue is distributed under the New BSD license. Documentation, tutorials,
examples, and downloadable install files and source code are available at
[http://code.google.com/p/nmrglue/](http://code.google.com/p/nmrglue/).
Despite a limited exposure in the scientific field, nmrglue is already used in
a number of university research labs and portions of the package have been
adapted for use in VeSPA, a software suite for magnetic resonance
spectroscopy.

</description><dc:creator xmlns:dc="http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/">Jonathan J. Helmus</dc:creator><pubDate>Thu, 19 Jul 2012 00:00:00 -0500</pubDate><guid>http://www.pyvideo.org/video/1236/nmrglue-a-python-module-for-working-with-nmr-dat</guid><enclosure url="http://s3.us.archive.org/nextdayvideo/enthought/scipy_2012/nmrglue_a_Python_Module_for_Wo.mp4?Signature=9xiNcp6ricFFFA5M%2BrG6qgsWQ%2BU%3D&amp;Expires=1346383171&amp;AWSAccessKeyId=FEWGReWX3QbNk0h3" length="None" type="video/mp4"></enclosure><media:group><media:content url="http://s3.us.archive.org/nextdayvideo/enthought/scipy_2012/nmrglue_a_Python_Module_for_Wo.mp4?Signature=9xiNcp6ricFFFA5M%2BrG6qgsWQ%2BU%3D&amp;Expires=1346383171&amp;AWSAccessKeyId=FEWGReWX3QbNk0h3" mime_type="video/mp4"></media:content><media:content url="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pTxJFvLhHhI" mime_type="video/flv"></media:content></media:group><media:thumbnail url="http://i1.ytimg.com/vi/pTxJFvLhHhI/hqdefault.jpg"></media:thumbnail></item></channel></rss>