<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<rss xmlns:atom="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom" version="2.0" xmlns:media="http://search.yahoo.com/mrss/"><channel><title>pyvideo.org: Videos of Jacob Frelinger</title><link>http://www.pyvideo.org/speaker/626/jacob-frelinger/rss</link><description></description><atom:link href="http://www.pyvideo.org/speaker/626/jacob-frelinger/rss" rel="self"></atom:link><language>en-us</language><lastBuildDate>Thu, 19 Jul 2012 00:00:00 -0500</lastBuildDate><ttl>500</ttl><item><title>Fcm - A python library for flow cytometry</title><link>http://www.pyvideo.org/video/1234/fcm-a-python-library-for-flow-cytometry</link><description>&lt;p&gt;Description&lt;/p&gt;
Cellular populations in biology are often heterogeneous, and aggregate assays
such as expression arrays can obscure the small differences between these
populations. Examples where these differences can be highly significant
include the identification of antigen-specific immune cells, stem cells and
circulating cancer cells. As the frequency of such cells in the blood can be
vanishingly small, assays to detect signals at the single cell level are
essential. Flow cytometry is probably the best established single cell assay,
and has been an integral tool in immunology and biology for decades, able to
measure cellular marker levels for individual cells, as well as population
statistics over millions of cells.

Recent technological innovations in flow cytometry have increased the number
of cell markers capable of being resolved simultaneously, and visual analysis
(gating) is difficult and error prone with increasing data dimensionality.
Hence there is increasing demand for tools to automate the analysis and
management of flow data, so as to increase accuracy and reproducibility.
However, essentially all software used by flow cytometry laboratories is
commercial and based on the visual analysis paradigm. With the exception of
the R BioConductor project, we are not aware of any other full-featured open
source tools for analyzing flow data. The few open source flow software
modules that exist simply extracts data from FCS (flow cytometry standard)
files into tabular/csv format, losing all metadata associated with the file,
and provide no additional tools for analysis. We therefore decided to develop
the _fcm_ library in python that would provide a foundation for flow cytometry
data management and analysis.

The _fcm_ library provides functions to load fcs files, apply spectral
compensation, and perform standard log and log-like transforms for
visualization. The library also provides objects and methods for traditional
gating-based analysis, including standard polygon, threshold, interval, and
quadrant gates. Using _fcm_ and other common python libraries, one can quickly
write scripts for doing large scale batch analysis. In addition to gating-
based analysis, _fcm_ provides methods to do model-based analysis, utilizing
GPU-optimized statistical models to identify cell subsets. These statistical
models provide a data-driven way to construct generative probability models
that scale well with the increasing dimensionality of flow data and do not
require expert input to identify cell subsets. High performance computational
routines to fit statistical models are optimized using cython and pycuda. More
specialized tools for the analysis of flow data include the use of a novel
information measure to optimize reagent panels and analysis strategies, and
optimization methods for automatic determination of positivity thresholds.

We are currently using the _fcm_ library for the analysis of tetramer assays
for cancer immunotherapy, as well as intracellular expression of effector
molecules in the NIAID-sponsored External Quality Assurance Policy Oversight
Laboratory (EQAPOL) program to standardize flow cytometry assays in HIV
studies. An illustrative example is the use of _fcm_ in building a pipeline
for the Cytostream application to automate the analysis of 459 FCS files from
12 laboratories, reducing the analysis time of one month to a single evening.

</description><dc:creator xmlns:dc="http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/">Jacob Frelinger</dc:creator><pubDate>Thu, 19 Jul 2012 00:00:00 -0500</pubDate><guid>http://www.pyvideo.org/video/1234/fcm-a-python-library-for-flow-cytometry</guid><enclosure url="http://s3.us.archive.org/nextdayvideo/enthought/scipy_2012/Fcm_A_python_library_for_flow_.mp4?Signature=47khe03tMWQWqHO71268Wx73pMs%3D&amp;Expires=1346383053&amp;AWSAccessKeyId=FEWGReWX3QbNk0h3" length="None" type="video/mp4"></enclosure><media:group><media:content url="http://s3.us.archive.org/nextdayvideo/enthought/scipy_2012/Fcm_A_python_library_for_flow_.mp4?Signature=47khe03tMWQWqHO71268Wx73pMs%3D&amp;Expires=1346383053&amp;AWSAccessKeyId=FEWGReWX3QbNk0h3" mime_type="video/mp4"></media:content><media:content url="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SXdIiLPQLAo" mime_type="video/flv"></media:content></media:group><media:thumbnail url="http://i4.ytimg.com/vi/SXdIiLPQLAo/hqdefault.jpg"></media:thumbnail></item></channel></rss>