<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<rss xmlns:atom="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom" version="2.0" xmlns:media="http://search.yahoo.com/mrss/"><channel><title>pyvideo.org: Videos of Felipe Lema</title><link>http://www.pyvideo.org/speaker/596/felipe-lema/rss</link><description></description><atom:link href="http://www.pyvideo.org/speaker/596/felipe-lema/rss" rel="self"></atom:link><language>en-us</language><lastBuildDate>Wed, 18 Jul 2012 00:00:00 -0500</lastBuildDate><ttl>500</ttl><item><title>ALGES: Geostatistics and Python</title><link>http://www.pyvideo.org/video/1213/alges-geostatistics-and-python</link><description>&lt;p&gt;Description&lt;/p&gt;
ALGES is a laboratory that develops tools applied to geostatistics. We've been
using python for a while and it has brought us very good results. Its ease-of-
use and portability allow us to rapidly offer practical solutions to problems.
Along with a brief introduction to the laboratory, we cover two particular
projects we are currently working on. One project is an application for
multivariate geostatistic analysis. Most available applications provide
analysis for a single variable at a time and either obviate how variables can
relate between one another or make it really difficult to consider any
relationship. Our proposal provides both an interface that's both easy to use
for primers and fine tuning for experienced users. The other presented project
covers a problem in geological modeling and resource estimation. Commonly,
when modeling geological volumes, continuity in data is assumed. This is not
often true, as there are different kinds of faults that break this continuity.
This is very hard to incorporate when modeling. We propose a solution to
restore the original continuous volume for better modeling as well as
restitution to the real distorted volume, all this providing a better
estimation. Both projects have lots of heavy computations and no shortage of
input data. We take this as a challenge to build fast processing solutions, so
we take advantage of both the easiness of a python interface and the speed of
C/C++ code.

</description><dc:creator xmlns:dc="http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/">Felipe Lema</dc:creator><pubDate>Wed, 18 Jul 2012 00:00:00 -0500</pubDate><guid>http://www.pyvideo.org/video/1213/alges-geostatistics-and-python</guid><enclosure url="http://s3.us.archive.org/nextdayvideo/enthought/scipy_2012/ALGES_Geostatistics_and_Python.mp4?Signature=SY9wk52zGieTkNTs9q5txKugp1A%3D&amp;Expires=1346381755&amp;AWSAccessKeyId=FEWGReWX3QbNk0h3" length="None" type="video/mp4"></enclosure><media:group><media:content url="http://s3.us.archive.org/nextdayvideo/enthought/scipy_2012/ALGES_Geostatistics_and_Python.mp4?Signature=SY9wk52zGieTkNTs9q5txKugp1A%3D&amp;Expires=1346381755&amp;AWSAccessKeyId=FEWGReWX3QbNk0h3" mime_type="video/mp4"></media:content><media:content url="http://youtube.com/watch?v=qOPNbjx5uhM" mime_type="video/flv"></media:content></media:group><media:thumbnail url="http://i2.ytimg.com/vi/qOPNbjx5uhM/hqdefault.jpg"></media:thumbnail></item></channel></rss>