<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<rss xmlns:atom="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom" version="2.0" xmlns:media="http://search.yahoo.com/mrss/"><channel><title>pyvideo.org: Videos of H Percival</title><link>http://www.pyvideo.org/speaker/641/h-percival/rss</link><description></description><atom:link href="http://www.pyvideo.org/speaker/641/h-percival/rss" rel="self"></atom:link><language>en-us</language><lastBuildDate>Fri, 06 Jul 2012 00:00:00 -0500</lastBuildDate><ttl>500</ttl><item><title>Fully Test-driven Django with selenium part 1</title><link>http://www.pyvideo.org/video/1249/fully-test-driven-django-with-selenium-part-1</link><description>&lt;p&gt;Abstract&lt;/p&gt;
[EuroPython 2012] H Percival - 5 JULY 2012 in "Pizza Napoli"


&lt;p&gt;Description&lt;/p&gt;
tl; dr: The concept: run through the official Django tutorial, but with full
TDD Includes browser-based testing with Selenium, using the new WebDriver API
In-depth unit-testing, including the Django Test Client and tools like Mock
Discussions of TDD philosophy: what to test, what not to test, how to test
[http://www.tdd-django-tutorial.com/](http://www.tdd-django-tutorial.com/)
[https://github.com/hjwp/Test-Driven-Django-Tutorial](https://github.com/hjwp
/Test-Driven-Django-Tutorial) come prepared! you’ll need git, firefox,
python2.7, django1.4 and selenium installed. Fully Test-Driven Django with
Selenium AKA “The Django Pony vs The Testing Goat” This tutorial is aimed
primarily at people who want to learn about one or many of: Django Selenium
Test-Driven-Development So it’s aimed at beginners of one kind or another – if
you are already well versed in all three, then you may not get much out of it.
The idea is to run through the steps covered by the official Django tutorial,
covering the essentials of Django from a beginner’s point of view. However, at
each stage, instead of “just” writing the Django code required to build our
site, we first write tests. And we don’t just write unit tests! We start by
writing “functional” or “acceptance” tests, using Selenium - which means
driving a real browser, and checking the actual behaviour of the site as it is
rendered, from the user’s point of view. Why should you listen to me, I hear
you ask? Well, I was lucky enough to get my first “proper” software
development job about two years ago with a bunch of Extreme Programming
fanatics, who’ve thoroughly inculcated me into their cult of Test-Driven
development. Believe me when I say I’m contrary enough to have questioned
every single practice, challenged every single decision, moaned about every
extra minute spent doing “pointless” tests instead of writing “proper” code.
But I’ve come round to the idea now, and whenever I’ve had to go back to some
of my old projects which don’t have tests, boy have I ever realised the wisdom
of the approach. So, I’ve learnt from some really good people, and the
learning process is still fresh in my mind, and most importantly, I still have
the passion of a recent convert! Pre-requisites Come with the following pre-
installed on your laptop please: Git Firefox Python 2.7
setuptools/easy_install/pip then: pip install django pip install selenium pip
install mock PS - I don’t have a preview of my TDD talk, but there is one
video of me giving a lightning talk at last year’s Pycon UK. It’s on a totally
different topic, but it gives a hit of my “dynamic” presentation “skills": - [
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e6NLAbgmRZ4](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e
6NLAbgmRZ4)

</description><dc:creator xmlns:dc="http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/">H Percival</dc:creator><pubDate>Fri, 06 Jul 2012 00:00:00 -0500</pubDate><guid>http://www.pyvideo.org/video/1249/fully-test-driven-django-with-selenium-part-1</guid><enclosure url="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WfyoC0h9QKA" length="None" type="video/flv"></enclosure><media:thumbnail url="http://i.ytimg.com/vi/WfyoC0h9QKA/hqdefault.jpg"></media:thumbnail></item><item><title>Fully Test-driven Django with selenium part 2</title><link>http://www.pyvideo.org/video/1251/fully-test-driven-django-with-selenium-part-2</link><description>&lt;p&gt;Abstract&lt;/p&gt;
[EuroPython 2012] H Percival - 5 JULY 2012 in "Pizza Napoli"


&lt;p&gt;Description&lt;/p&gt;
tl; dr: The concept: run through the official Django tutorial, but with full
TDD Includes browser-based testing with Selenium, using the new WebDriver API
In-depth unit-testing, including the Django Test Client and tools like Mock
Discussions of TDD philosophy: what to test, what not to test, how to test
[http://www.tdd-django-tutorial.com/](http://www.tdd-django-tutorial.com/)
[https://github.com/hjwp/Test-Driven-Django-Tutorial](https://github.com/hjwp
/Test-Driven-Django-Tutorial) come prepared! you’ll need git, firefox,
python2.7, django1.4 and selenium installed. Fully Test-Driven Django with
Selenium AKA “The Django Pony vs The Testing Goat” This tutorial is aimed
primarily at people who want to learn about one or many of: Django Selenium
Test-Driven-Development So it’s aimed at beginners of one kind or another – if
you are already well versed in all three, then you may not get much out of it.
The idea is to run through the steps covered by the official Django tutorial,
covering the essentials of Django from a beginner’s point of view. However, at
each stage, instead of “just” writing the Django code required to build our
site, we first write tests. And we don’t just write unit tests! We start by
writing “functional” or “acceptance” tests, using Selenium - which means
driving a real browser, and checking the actual behaviour of the site as it is
rendered, from the user’s point of view. Why should you listen to me, I hear
you ask? Well, I was lucky enough to get my first “proper” software
development job about two years ago with a bunch of Extreme Programming
fanatics, who’ve thoroughly inculcated me into their cult of Test-Driven
development. Believe me when I say I’m contrary enough to have questioned
every single practice, challenged every single decision, moaned about every
extra minute spent doing “pointless” tests instead of writing “proper” code.
But I’ve come round to the idea now, and whenever I’ve had to go back to some
of my old projects which don’t have tests, boy have I ever realised the wisdom
of the approach. So, I’ve learnt from some really good people, and the
learning process is still fresh in my mind, and most importantly, I still have
the passion of a recent convert! Pre-requisites Come with the following pre-
installed on your laptop please: Git Firefox Python 2.7
setuptools/easy_install/pip then: pip install django pip install selenium pip
install mock PS - I don’t have a preview of my TDD talk, but there is one
video of me giving a lightning talk at last year’s Pycon UK. It’s on a totally
different topic, but it gives a hit of my “dynamic” presentation “skills": - [
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e6NLAbgmRZ4](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e
6NLAbgmRZ4)

</description><dc:creator xmlns:dc="http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/">H Percival</dc:creator><pubDate>Fri, 06 Jul 2012 00:00:00 -0500</pubDate><guid>http://www.pyvideo.org/video/1251/fully-test-driven-django-with-selenium-part-2</guid><enclosure url="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1oenHuqyQXc" length="None" type="video/flv"></enclosure><media:thumbnail url="http://i.ytimg.com/vi/1oenHuqyQXc/hqdefault.jpg"></media:thumbnail></item></channel></rss>