<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<rss xmlns:atom="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom" version="2.0" xmlns:media="http://search.yahoo.com/mrss/"><channel><title>pyvideo.org: Videos of Deb Nicholson</title><link>http://www.pyvideo.org/speaker/400/deb-nicholson/rss</link><description></description><atom:link href="http://www.pyvideo.org/speaker/400/deb-nicholson/rss" rel="self"></atom:link><language>en-us</language><lastBuildDate>Sun, 11 Mar 2012 00:00:00 -0600</lastBuildDate><ttl>500</ttl><item><title>40. MediaGoblin: The Road to Federation</title><link>http://www.pyvideo.org/video/725/40-mediagoblin-the-road-to-federation</link><description>&lt;p&gt;Abstract&lt;/p&gt;
From just a gleam in founder Chris Webber's eye to a full tilt media hosting
project supporting photos, HTML5 video, and more, the road to federation has
been a wild ride so far. Come talk to us about the challenges, the fun and the
future.


&lt;p&gt;Description&lt;/p&gt;
From just a gleam in founder Chris Webber's eye to a full tilt media hosting
project supporting photos, HTML5 video, and more, the road to federation has
been a wild ride so far. We owe a lot to the huge community of fellow
federators whose work on the ostaus library enabled us to start in the middle
with our own not-quite-finished spin, Kuneco. Kudos to the GNU project for
getting excited about the web with us. We're also thankful for the massive
outpouring of project love that channeled itself through transifex and has
made Media Goblin global-ready even though it isn't finished. Ever thought
about switching databases midstream? Come talk to us, Mongo to SQL wasn't as
bad as we'd been expecting. We'll also tell you all about our minimalist wsgi
un-framework design and how we think it's working compared to Django or even
Pylons/Pyramid.

What's still left do? Smoother interoperations with allied projects like
StatusNet and Diaspora. Support for more media types like 3D modelling and
presentations. World domination... in a friendly way! Swing by if you're
looking for a new project to get involved with or just want details to take
back to your own.

</description><dc:creator xmlns:dc="http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/">Christopher Allan Webber,Deb Nicholson</dc:creator><pubDate>Sun, 11 Mar 2012 00:00:00 -0600</pubDate><guid>http://www.pyvideo.org/video/725/40-mediagoblin-the-road-to-federation</guid><enclosure url="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AMMBYLB3qd0" length="None" type="video/flv"></enclosure><media:thumbnail url="http://img.youtube.com/vi/AMMBYLB3qd0/hqdefault.jpg"></media:thumbnail></item></channel></rss>