<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<rss xmlns:atom="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom" version="2.0" xmlns:media="http://search.yahoo.com/mrss/"><channel><title>pyvideo.org: Videos of James E.H. Turner</title><link>http://www.pyvideo.org/speaker/601/james-eh-turner/rss</link><description></description><atom:link href="http://www.pyvideo.org/speaker/601/james-eh-turner/rss" rel="self"></atom:link><language>en-us</language><lastBuildDate>Wed, 18 Jul 2012 00:00:00 -0500</lastBuildDate><ttl>500</ttl><item><title>A Unified Release of Python &amp; IRAF software for astronomy</title><link>http://www.pyvideo.org/video/1216/a-unified-release-of-python-iraf-software-for-a</link><description>&lt;p&gt;Description&lt;/p&gt;
As astronomical software development expands from historical data reduction
platforms towards more sophisticated Python applications, non-technically-
focused users can struggle with installing and maintaining a large number of
heterogeneous dependencies. PyRAF has successfully bridged the gap between
IRAF and Python, but managing dependencies falls outside its scope. A few
existing Python distributions make installation easy, but don't cater for
specific needs (such as dependence on IRAF). STScI and Gemini have therefore
developed a prototype, easy-to-install software distribution for Linux and OSX
known provisionally as the 'Unified Release' (UR).

Currently the UR includes STScI Python and its dependencies (eg. Python,
NumPy, IRAF 2.15), as well as Matplotlib &amp; Tk, SciPy, a number of IRAF
packages, DS9, X11IRAF and some testing and documentation tools. Its scope
extends to complementary non-Python/IRAF software, but we do not intend to
produce a comprehensive (Scisoft-like) distribution of tools for astronomy,
nor to satisfy every installation preference. Our focus is on providing a
simple way to run key tools, for users with minimal support resources and who
may not have administrative privileges. Unlike most comparable distributions,
our approach includes basic provision for in-place software additions and
updates.

Recently we have completed a first internal version of the UR for both Linux
and OSX, which we shall briefly demonstrate. We plan to make our first public
release during the coming months.

</description><dc:creator xmlns:dc="http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/">James E.H. Turner</dc:creator><pubDate>Wed, 18 Jul 2012 00:00:00 -0500</pubDate><guid>http://www.pyvideo.org/video/1216/a-unified-release-of-python-iraf-software-for-a</guid><enclosure url="http://s3.us.archive.org/nextdayvideo/enthought/scipy_2012/A_Unified_Release_of_Python_IRAF_software_for_astronomy.mp4?Signature=oCxI%2FyHw3t0nEcCFJ7AYbMa1YWQ%3D&amp;Expires=1346381851&amp;AWSAccessKeyId=FEWGReWX3QbNk0h3" length="None" type="video/mp4"></enclosure><media:group><media:content url="http://s3.us.archive.org/nextdayvideo/enthought/scipy_2012/A_Unified_Release_of_Python_IRAF_software_for_astronomy.mp4?Signature=oCxI%2FyHw3t0nEcCFJ7AYbMa1YWQ%3D&amp;Expires=1346381851&amp;AWSAccessKeyId=FEWGReWX3QbNk0h3" mime_type="video/mp4"></media:content><media:content url="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cgRouxz0y_4" mime_type="video/flv"></media:content></media:group><media:thumbnail url="http://i4.ytimg.com/vi/cgRouxz0y_4/hqdefault.jpg"></media:thumbnail></item></channel></rss>