<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<rss xmlns:atom="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom" version="2.0" xmlns:media="http://search.yahoo.com/mrss/"><channel><title>pyvideo.org: Videos of Justin Myles Holmes</title><link>http://www.pyvideo.org/speaker/731/justin-myles-holmes/rss</link><description></description><atom:link href="http://www.pyvideo.org/speaker/731/justin-myles-holmes/rss" rel="self"></atom:link><language>en-us</language><lastBuildDate>Wed, 05 Sep 2012 00:00:00 -0500</lastBuildDate><ttl>500</ttl><item><title>Why the Django Community Sucks</title><link>http://www.pyvideo.org/video/1385/why-the-django-community-sucks</link><description>&lt;p&gt;Abstract&lt;/p&gt;
Continuing in the tradition of self-deprecation that has made DjangoCon
famous, a relative newcomer will outline what the Django community can learn
from the world of social activism.


&lt;p&gt;Description&lt;/p&gt;
In 2010, Eric Florenzano ignited a fever following his lightfooted and
lighthearted placement of a mirror in front of the hardest of the hardcore in
the django community with his presentation, “Why Django Sucks, and How We can
Fix It.” Then, a year later, at DjangCon 2011, Steve Holden grasped the self-
critique baton with an even steeper challenge, making a claim that he
described as “the most outrageous thing you can say” - that the Django
documentation sucked.

The Django documentation, already widely considered the best in its class, has
responded to the critique and continues to improve daily.

Also widely viewed as a top strength of Django is its community. While Django
enjoys one of the most thoughtful, patient, and responsive communities in the
world of open source web frameworks, it has a special opportunity for learning
in Washington, D.C., where many of the most successful and voracious non-
profit advocacy organizations call home.

This presentation will examine some of their tactics and compare them with
those employed by the Django community. Among the topics covered will be
mobilization of new troops, building and listening to diverse coalitions, and
identifying and reaching out to under-represented populations.

The presenter comes from a decade of experience in non-profit social justice
activism. Having been a Django user for 3.5 years and involved in the
community for 2, will be at only his second DjangoCon.. Freshly imported, he
has the perspective of a passionate newcomer rather a seasoned veteran.

</description><dc:creator xmlns:dc="http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/">Justin Myles Holmes</dc:creator><pubDate>Wed, 05 Sep 2012 00:00:00 -0500</pubDate><guid>http://www.pyvideo.org/video/1385/why-the-django-community-sucks</guid><enclosure url="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NrkopXN9sQg" length="None" type="video/flv"></enclosure><media:thumbnail url="http://i.ytimg.com/vi/NrkopXN9sQg/hqdefault.jpg"></media:thumbnail></item></channel></rss>