<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<rss xmlns:atom="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom" version="2.0" xmlns:media="http://search.yahoo.com/mrss/"><channel><title>pyvideo.org: Videos of Alex Gray</title><link>http://www.pyvideo.org/speaker/606/alex-gray/rss</link><description></description><atom:link href="http://www.pyvideo.org/speaker/606/alex-gray/rss" rel="self"></atom:link><language>en-us</language><lastBuildDate>Wed, 18 Jul 2012 00:00:00 -0500</lastBuildDate><ttl>500</ttl><item><title>AstroML: data mining and machine learning for Astronomy</title><link>http://www.pyvideo.org/video/1218/astroml-data-mining-and-machine-learning-for-ast</link><description>&lt;p&gt;Description&lt;/p&gt;
Python is currently being adopted as the language of choice by many
astronomical researchers. A prominent example is in the Large Synoptic Survey
Telescope (LSST), a project which will repeatedly observe the southern sky
1000 times over the course of 10 years. The 30,000 GB of raw data created each
night will pass through a processing pipeline consisting of C++ and legacy
code, stitched together with a python interface. This example underscores the
need for astronomers to be well-versed in large-scale statistical analysis
techniques in python. We seek to address this need with the AstroML package,
which is designed to be a repository for well-tested data mining and machine
learning routines, with a focus on applications in astronomy and astrophysics.
It will be released in late 2012 with an associated graduate-level textbook,
'Statistics, Data Mining and Machine Learning in Astronomy' (Princeton
University Press). AstroML leverages many computational tools already
available available in the python universe, including numpy, scipy, scikit-
learn, pymc, healpy, and others, and adds efficient implementations of several
routines more specific to astronomy. A main feature of the package is the
extensive set of practical examples of astronomical data analysis, all written
in python. In this talk, we will explore the statistical analysis of several
interesting astrophysical datasets using python and astroML.

</description><dc:creator xmlns:dc="http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/">Alex Gray,Andrew Connolly,Jake Vanderplas,Zeljko Ivezic</dc:creator><pubDate>Wed, 18 Jul 2012 00:00:00 -0500</pubDate><guid>http://www.pyvideo.org/video/1218/astroml-data-mining-and-machine-learning-for-ast</guid><enclosure url="http://s3.us.archive.org/nextdayvideo/enthought/scipy_2012/AstroML_data_mining_and_machine_learning_for_Astronomy.mp4?Signature=wee1HpiGOvESlEYUkXaQoGp%2BgNo%3D&amp;Expires=1346381992&amp;AWSAccessKeyId=FEWGReWX3QbNk0h3" length="None" type="video/mp4"></enclosure><media:group><media:content url="http://s3.us.archive.org/nextdayvideo/enthought/scipy_2012/AstroML_data_mining_and_machine_learning_for_Astronomy.mp4?Signature=wee1HpiGOvESlEYUkXaQoGp%2BgNo%3D&amp;Expires=1346381992&amp;AWSAccessKeyId=FEWGReWX3QbNk0h3" mime_type="video/mp4"></media:content><media:content url="http://youtube.com/watch?v=62zY8mA-UVQ" mime_type="video/flv"></media:content></media:group><media:thumbnail url="http://i3.ytimg.com/vi/62zY8mA-UVQ/hqdefault.jpg"></media:thumbnail></item></channel></rss>