<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<rss xmlns:atom="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom" version="2.0" xmlns:media="http://search.yahoo.com/mrss/"><channel><title>pyvideo.org: Videos of Patrick Marsh</title><link>http://www.pyvideo.org/speaker/634/patrick-marsh/rss</link><description></description><atom:link href="http://www.pyvideo.org/speaker/634/patrick-marsh/rss" rel="self"></atom:link><language>en-us</language><lastBuildDate>Thu, 19 Jul 2012 00:00:00 -0500</lastBuildDate><ttl>500</ttl><item><title>Utilizing Python in a Real-Time, Quasi-Operational Meteorological Environment</title><link>http://www.pyvideo.org/video/1242/utilizing-python-in-a-real-time-quasi-operationa</link><description>&lt;p&gt;Description&lt;/p&gt;
The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration's (NOAA) Hazardous Weather
Testbed (HWT) is a facility jointly managed by NOAA's National Severe Storms
Laboratory (NSSL), NOAA National Weather Service's (NWS) the Storm Prediction
Center (SPC), and the NOAA NWS Oklahoma City/Norman Weather Forecast Office
(OUN) within the National Weather Center building on the University of
Oklahoma South Research Campus. The HWT is designed to accelerate the
transition of promising new meteorological insights and technologies into
advances in forecasting and warning for hazardous weather events throughout
the United States. The HWT facilities include a combined forecast and research
area situated between the operations rooms of the SPC and OUN, and a nearby
development laboratory. The facilities support enhanced collaboration between
research scientists and operational weather forecasters on specific topics
that are of mutual interest.

The cornerstone of the HWT is the yearly Experimental Forecast Program (EFP)
and Experimental Warning Program (EWP) which take place every spring. In each
of those programs, forecasters, researchers, and developers come together to
participate in a real-time operational forecasting or warning environment with
the purpose of testing and evaluating cutting-edge tools and methods for
forecasting and warning. In the EFP program, between 5 and 10 TB of
meteorological data are processed for evaluation over the course of a 5 week
period. These data come in a variety of sources, a variety of formats, each
requiring a different set of processing.

This talk will discuss how the data flow and data creation processes of the
EFP are accomplished in a real-time setting through the use of Python. The
utilization of Python ranges from simple shell scripting, to speeding up
algorithm development (and runtimes) with Numpy and Cython, to creating new,
open source data-visualization platforms, such as the Skew-T and Hodograph
Analysis and Research Program in Python, or SHARPpy.

</description><dc:creator xmlns:dc="http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/">Patrick Marsh</dc:creator><pubDate>Thu, 19 Jul 2012 00:00:00 -0500</pubDate><guid>http://www.pyvideo.org/video/1242/utilizing-python-in-a-real-time-quasi-operationa</guid><enclosure url="http://s3.us.archive.org/nextdayvideo/enthought/scipy_2012/Utilizing_Python_in_a_RealTime.mp4?Signature=6JVnu2cqjljXJd%2F8HbsSSvJfbdg%3D&amp;Expires=1346383456&amp;AWSAccessKeyId=FEWGReWX3QbNk0h3" length="None" type="video/mp4"></enclosure><media:group><media:content url="http://s3.us.archive.org/nextdayvideo/enthought/scipy_2012/Utilizing_Python_in_a_RealTime.mp4?Signature=6JVnu2cqjljXJd%2F8HbsSSvJfbdg%3D&amp;Expires=1346383456&amp;AWSAccessKeyId=FEWGReWX3QbNk0h3" mime_type="video/mp4"></media:content><media:content url="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7-rey41z2us" mime_type="video/flv"></media:content></media:group><media:thumbnail url="http://i4.ytimg.com/vi/7-rey41z2us/hqdefault.jpg"></media:thumbnail></item></channel></rss>